c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\bin\Debug\Hospital.exe.config
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\bin\Debug\Hospital.exe
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\bin\Debug\Hospital.pdb
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\obj\Debug\Hospital.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\obj\Debug\AddingDoctor.g.cs
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\obj\Debug\AddingVisit.g.cs
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\obj\Debug\DoctorsData.g.cs
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\obj\Debug\Hospital_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\obj\Debug\Hospital_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\obj\Debug\AddingDoctor.baml
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\obj\Debug\AddingVisit.baml
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\obj\Debug\DoctorsData.baml
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\obj\Debug\Hospital.g.resources
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\obj\Debug\Hospital.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\obj\Debug\Hospital.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\obj\Debug\Hospital.exe
c:\users\właściciel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hospital\Hospital\obj\Debug\Hospital.pdb
